Meeting Notes 

Meeting 1: (Monday Jan 15, 2024 - 2pm to 3pm)

Discussed couple of potential ideas
Brainstorming specifications for each idea
Tools to implement the project 

Hospital application
User login as doctor, nurse, volunteer
Database for patients information and records
Requesting tests
Requesting medications
Assigning patients to a doctor and a nurse
Assigning volunteers to doctor
Hiring physicians
Extract patients’ details
Discharge patients
Hire/ reassign new volunteers

Workout application
Input user’s age, weight, and height. 
3 levels of difficulty 
Different timers for the exercise (
A list of different exercises 
GIFs to show how to do the exercise
Workout remainders
Workout report (past workout session)

Parking app
User booking code
Parking spots 
Booked spots and available spots
Time when the spots are booked 

Tools to implement the project 
JavaFx (better for the workout app)
JavaSwing
JFrame (better for the hospital app)




Meeting 2: (Wednesday Jan 17, 2024 - 11:30am to 12pm)

Short meeting to discuss preference
Draft an email for the professor for confirmation 

Meeting 3: (Wednesday Jan 31, 2024 - 1:30pm to 2:15 pm )

Front end: 
Login page : as a doctor, nurse, volunteer, and administrator
Doctor options: 
Discharge patients
Request tests
Request medications
Doctor notes (Maybe too hard)
Hire volunteers

Nurse options: 
Access to doctor notes
List of current medication 
Add a patient

Volunteer options: 
Add patients’ requests
Doctor and nurse assigned to each patient

	Administrators: 
Hire doctor, nurse, volunteer
List of doctor, nurse and volunteer assigned to each patient
Inpatient and outpatient profiles
Note: we also added some modifications on meeting 1 notes for the specification of the hospital app. 

Meeting 4: (Monday Feb 5 31, 2024 -3:30 - 4 pm )
Classes : doctor, nurse, volunteer, administrator , Hospital, Patient
Harrish : Nurses
Gaurav : volunteers
Megan: Hospital, patient 
Parmoun: Admins
Amira: Doctor 
When: push the version by Wednesday Feb 7

The meeting for our client is planned for Tuesday the 6th and the video will be available after. 

It0 file is gonna start after our interview with the client 

Meeting 5: (Wednesday Feb 8, 2024 - 7:45 pm to 8:15pm)

Writing down big user stories
Integrated Patient Information Sharing feature.
Prescription management system 
Sharing visit summaries and important notes with family doctors

Discussing big stories and short stories
8 short user stories were added to the Planning Document


Meeting 6: (Wednesday Feb 14, 2024 - 7pm to 7:20pm)
Attendance: Parmoun and Mehregan

During this meeting, ITR1 and Del1 were discussed and the task appointment is as below: 

Task list: 
1. Stub data base : @⁨Harrish 
2. Business Objects: @⁨Amira⁩ 
3. Unit test : everyone do their own part 
4. GUI : @mehregan 
5. Wiki: @PARMOUNco
6. Architectural sketch: @⁨Gaurav 

These taska are due on Friday before 10 pm


